hello everyone and welcome to this very
much long overdue update video I have to
apologize right off for the lack of
videos just like all the other times but
the reason why I haven't been posting
Warcraft videos is because I am poor and
as you know this game requires money to
play every month and I'm running low on
the money so I needed to pull the
funding I guess so to speak for this and
put it towards something that's more
important I mean this is just a video
game don't get me wrong everyone I loved
making the videos and I loved recording
it and I loved playing the game I still
have a lot of friends playing this game
but I just can't prioritize the money
for it because there are other more
important things that I have to pay for
such as gas and food and things like
that so I don't die and so I can get
places so with that said I think the
expansion comes out next month September
and if everything goes right I'm gonna
be working in October so if I do start
working in October and it's been it's
been it's a pretty good chance that I
will hopefully I will pick this back up
again and the videos will continue and I
may start making and completely new
let's play with the expansion but beings
that I'm going to be working it won't be
I won't have a whole lot of time for
that either but I'll still try and get
things done so yeah that's why I haven't
been making Warcraft videos because I
mean did the money needs to go elsewhere
so hope all of you can understand this I
don't want you to get angry at me
because I can't prioritize the payments
for this I mean the money needs just
needs to go elsewhere and I'm sorry from
emphasizing that but it's true so I hope
you guys understand and if all goes well
I'll be making videos in October again
I'll be continuing my warlock let's play
and I may be making a new pond character
Hungarian character or whatever so um
yeah hopefully I'll see you then but in
the meantime you can go and check out my
main channel I'll still be making videos
over there so yeah um once again sorry
but I hope you guys can understand and
I'll see you guys hopefully in October
goodbye
well no need to show you cuz I had this
up the whole time so I could do this
Oh code whatever this is all be blacked
out
there we go you have used up your
prepaid time even though I paid like I
don't know I remember what payment plan
I was on but it's no longer there so
once again sorry but I'll see you guys
in October mm-hmm
goodbye